So with the format, it let's make sure that we don't just print the inputs, but that we actually create
a new user with Firebase now early in the course, we use the provider package for managing the state
and for sending those HTP requests we could do this year.
But as you will see throughout this module, we don't really need the provider package here.
We don't really need this application.
White state management, because Firebase, the FIREBASE SDK, which we're using, will basically manage
all relevant state for us because we have that life connection to the server.
And Firebase will also do some caching to cache data so that it's even available if we temporarily lose
the connection.
So we don't really need our own state management.
Hence I will not create any models or any state management classes.
I will not add the provider package.
Instead, we can go to the off screen and maybe handle the request to create a new user there, because
then we have the forum for collecting all the inputs and the off screen for the heavy lifting of creating
a new user.
For this year in the off screen state, we can add a new function, submit off form maybe, and this
is a function that should get all the data from the off form as parameters so as inputs.
So there we can get an email, which will be a string.
We can get the password, which will be a string, the user name, which is a string, and also the
information whether we are in login mode or not.
And with all of that gathered here inside of the function will be able to use the FIREBASE SDK to create
a new user or sign an existing user, that will be step number two.
Step number one is that we connect dysfunction here in the off screen state with our off forum.
And that's, of course, something we covered extensively in the course.
We can simply pass down a reference to this method to off for.
So here are two off forum as an argument.
We can pass down submit of form so we can pass down a pointer at this method and now we just need to
accept this inset off of form.
So any off for dart file here in the widget class?
We can.
At the constructor by repeating the class name and now I want to accept an argument and stored is in
a property of this class Vardy's, I'll add a new property and that will be a function.
And we can actually even define how to function, which we want to get as an argument.
Should look like now we'll get a pointer at that function, but we can define how the function will
point at should look like it should be a function that returns nothing.
And for this you simply add white in front of function.
So function is the type of data we'll have.
But this is an extra piece of information for this function type.
And you can't add parentheses here to then also define the arguments dysfunction, which we want to
get or which we want to store here in the property should have.
We also need to add the property name here and that will be submitted, for example.
So we'll have a submit F and property here in off form.
And the type of this property is a function which returns nothing and which now should also get some
arguments, some parameters.
For example, at EML, for example, a password also of course, the user name and also the information
whenever we are logging in or not.
So the exact same arguments we do expect here in the off screen.
Hear these arguments, they are mirrored here in this type.
And then here in the off from constructor, we can say this submit function to make clear that the argument
we are receiving here is bound to this property of this class and this property here will point at this
function we're getting from off screen.
So now and try to submit here instead of printing.
We can call widget dot, submit TFN to execute dysfunctionally stored in the widget and Tudor's function,
we now need to pass all that data.
We need to pass to email the password to username and he is login state.
So I a pass user email, ipass, user password and user name and also is logged in.
All that information is passed to this function.
And with that, back in the off screen will receive that and here we can now use the FIREBASE SDK to
create a new user.
Let's do that in the next lecture.